Fix inconsistent "Software Manual" references (#1050)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Client-Troubleshooting.md

***

> For anything else, please search or post on the [Discussion Forums](https://github.com/jamulus/jamulus/discussions)

Author: ```suggestion
For anything else, please search or post on the [Discussion Forums](https://github.com/orgs/jamulussoftware/discussions)
```
